WOMAN:
Welcome to Arlington
National Cemetery.
Please line up
if you have a ticket
for the 8:30 tour bus,
and remember to obey
all signs asking for
silence and respect.
Excuse me.
Excuse me. What time
does the show start?
This is a cemetery.
We don't have shows.
The guard thing
at the tomb.
Sir, the Tomb of
the Unknown Soldier
is a monument dedicated to
the fallen service members
who have not yet
been identified.
The soldiers
who stand watch are there
to honor them,
not entertain you.Okay.
And when does it start?
Sir, the guard changes
every half hour.
Now, please, get back in line.Oh, wow.
[horse neighing]Hold on, let me just take
a video of this parade.
Sir, this is not Disneyland.[people chattering excitedly]
WOMAN:
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Oh. Everyone,
stay back.
What the hell?
Easy, now.
Easy. Hey.
Easy. Easy.
Uh, ma'am? We
got a problem.
I know. And it's got four legs,
and it's looking right at me.
No.Good boy.
Easy. Easy, now.This problem's... human.
Oh, my God.
♪
Evidence number 4556.
Two computer hard drives.
That's 4556.
Got 'em.
Okay, which pile--
long-term storage
or destruction?
Destruction.
Nick, I'm still waiting on 2666.
Yeah, yeah.
[sighs]
This is not fair.
Yeah, tell me about it.
I could totally have re-used
these hard drives in my rack.
No, not that. This.
Punishment.
Well, lying about Ziva was bad.
Director said there'd
be consequences.
Yeah, I get that,
but these jumpsuits
make it seem like
we're in prison,
and we're not even allowed
cell phones down here,
which is cruel and unusual.
Well, it's about to get
more unusual.
I just found number 2666
Mm.
"Doll at a crime scene."
Double homicide.
DOLL:
I love you and I'm sorry.
Why is it apologizing?
For killing two people.Oh.
Destruction pile, please.
Storage, where it will clearly
haunt us for the next six days.
Six days away from
the outside world.
I mean, who knows what else
we're missing out there?
Yeah, what if they announce
another Marvel movie?
Maybe a nuclear bomb went off.
Maybe we're dead,
and this is hell.
Only if you break the rules.
No cell phones.
Director Vance
made it very clear.
As lead evidence technician,
I am to immediately
report any
misconduct.
Has there been any misconduct?
No misconduct, we promise.Super.
Fantastic, yeah.This is so much fun.
Because as much as I love
being bossed around
by field agents
on a daily basis,
turns out bossing them around
is even better.
Also, it, uh...
gets lonely down here.
No windows can...
do funny things to a man.
[clears throat]
I brought
more evidence.
Ah.[grunts]
Cell phones.
NICK: Stolen phones.TERRY: Mm-hmm.
From a stolen car.Stolen by Gibbs and Ziva.
The case that brought me
my new best friends.
All right, Terry, we're good.
All right, we're good.
Strong biceps you got there.
You do keto?
Hey, these are prepaid,
ready for use by people.
Uh, sorry, those are slated
for immediate destruction.
So I guess the, uh, outside
world's just gonna have to wait.
No, it won't.Boss, is there a nuclear war?
Or a dead body?
Body-ish.DOLL: Let's go play.
Get that away from me.
Let's go.
Agent Gibbs, did the director
approve this furlough?
This punishment
isn't over!
Arlington PD's on the horn.
They want to know
if we need help.
Help?
We're choking on help.
I got five agencies
arguing about jurisdiction.
So that's a...No. We do not need
any more people
wandering around here
with letters on their back.
NCIS.
Special Agent Gibbs.
McGee, Bishop, Torres.
Who called NCIS?
Arlington National
Cemetery is controlled
by the Department of the Army.
CID has jurisdiction.
Well, if somebody
has jurisdiction,
they're clearly not
taking it.
I got everyone from
base police to Animal Control
chomping at the bit, literally.
I mean, did you hear?
There's a horse.With six feet.
Exactly.
It's a mess, sir.
NCIS will only make it worse.
We're here to make it better.Ha! How?
You see that guy right there?
Harry Potter?
Yeah, we, uh...
we call him the chosen one.
He is our NCIS M.E.Your point?
First M.E. on the scene
controls the scene.
Is that true?
JIMMY:
Hey.
Did he call me
the chosen one?
I gave him five bucks
to call me the chosen one.
Based on the shape
of the arches
and the thick hair,
I'd say that these feet belonged
to a late-aged male.
Time of removal?
Tissue, color and condition
suggest
maybe the last 24 hours.
Too bad AFIT only works
for fingerprints, huh?
Finding the owner could be
quite challenging.
What are those-- burns?
Look more like ulcers.Bad ones.
Yeah, these sores
are pretty deep.
Okay, why don't you just
save the details for autopsy.
Fear of, uh,
irregular hole patterns
is called trypophobia.
It's quite real.
Some people even vomit, McGee.
Anything
on the horse?
Uh, no ID.
It's not talking,
either.
He. And Animal Control
has no idea where
he came from--
just a random horse,
wandering the streets.
A riderless horse
is a funeral tradition.
We are
at the entrance of
Arlington National Cemetery.
Doesn't seem random.
Neither is this.
Someone left us
a message.
D. Holtzman.
U.S. Marine Corps.
I guess this is an NCIS
crime scene after all.
All right,
so what's the crime--
desecration or murder?[vehicle doors opening]
Good question.WOMAN: Okay, guys,
let's set up, uh, over here.Looks like we're not
the only ones asking.
[indistinct chatter]McGEE: Just what we need:
media attention.
CAMERAMAN:
Let's get a wide shot.WOMAN: Set up over here.
[helicopter blades whirring][indistinct chatter]
WOMAN:
Sir, does NCIS
have any comment?
1.2 million likes.
This story's
definitely blowing up.
McGEE:
Riderless horse and severed feet
are definitely Insta-friendly.
Whatever the hell that means.
Update.
Let's go.
Well, a riderless horse
carrying empty boots
is a military symbol
honoring the dead.
President Kennedy had one.
Reagan, Lincoln.
And now Marine Sergeant
David Holtzman.
Who's he?Only thing in the system
was his last service photo.
Holtzman was honorably
discharged in 1979.
Yeah, and?And that's well before
service records were digitized,
so for more we talk to
Veterans Affairs, OIG.
Okay, take Torres.
McGee.
Find someone that knows
that Marine.
Yeah, or find the rest of him.
Boss, his address is
40 years old.
Doesn't even exist anymore.
How we gonna find him?
Use the Insta thing.
That's what it's for, right?
You mean post his service photo,
see if anyone recognizes him?
Boss, that is actually
the perfect use of social media.
What about, uh,
Vance's punishment?
Terry's still expecting us
downstairs.
Case first.
Yes.
Feet are...
highly symbolic.
Jesus washed them
to show humility,
drug cartels cut them off
to intimidate.
And then, of course,
there are foot fetishes.
GIBBS:
This about a fetish, Doc?
I can't say for sure.
What I can say is that
these size nine and a half feet
belong to an adult male matching
Sergeant Holtzman's age.
Blade slipped while cutting.
Yeah, more than once.
Which means that you
and whoever did this
have something in common.
Hand tools.
I mean, obviously, he's not
as good as you are, right?
Bow saw.
I can't say for sure.
I'm certain that
it wasn't electric.
So, cutting through
the sergeant's lower tibia,
fibula, was labor-intensive.
Hard work.
Was he alive?
When his feet were removed?
Uh, uh, I...
can't say for sure.
What can you say?
[doors open]
Kasie's here.
Oh.
Why do I get the Gibbs glare?
I just got here.
Residual energy.
I'm sorry.
I'm not. Go.
As I'm sure Jimmy told you,
the foot sores are the result
of poor circulation
due to severe diabetes.
The sergeant's pancreas,
wherever it may be,
could not properly
produce insulin.
That can help us find him.It might.
Blood work also showed traces
of SGLT2 inhibitors.
He was being treated.Yep.
So, if you want to find
the long-lost sergeant...[dialing]
Go find his doctor.
Bishop?
Former Sergeant Holtzman
has been treated
at several hospitals
in the V.A. system,
but he hasn't been back
in two weeks.
And we certainly haven't
amputated any body parts.
It's all in that file.
No recent photo, Dr. Bell?
No. But we track all
medically relevant information,
and then it's all in that file.
Now, if you'll excuse me.
Hey!
This is private.
Someone sawed off
Sergeant Holtzman's feet
and we're trying to figure out
if he's still alive.
You don't seem to care.
It's been 52 hours
since my shift started.
And a lot longer than that
since I had a social life
or more than a can of olives
in my refrigerator.
I care.
Then... talk to us.
I am.
But everything I know
is truly in that file.
I see so many patients,
I only get to know them
as a chart.
A number.
Sergeant Holtzman is part of
the city's homeless population,
people that nobody talks about.
They're talking now.
Good.
This system is far from perfect.
It needs attention.
I-I already have six departments
waiting on a funding bill
that's been stuck in Congress
for months.
Does the sergeant have family?
No.
And if a vet is left unclaimed,
the body's cremated
and the ashes
are put inside these boxes.
Which I then put...
...in here.
This is what happens
when nobody talks about you.
They're all homeless veterans?
At least they'll be buried
in a military grave.
With dignity.
But I'd rather
care for these men and women
while they're alive.
So, please,
find the sergeant.
I suggest starting
with local encampments.
[indistinct chatter]
This place used to
be a metro hub.
Now the locals now call it
the end of the line.
Not exactly cheerful.
Not a lot to be
cheerful about, McGee.
Well, at least this camp
gets medical visits.
The last three didn't.MAN:
If our homeless population
can't go to the hospital,
the hospital must go to them.
Great line.
Let's record that again.
This time I'll say it.
Ah. This podcast does
have listeners, right?
[laughs] My social media reach
is over six million and growing.
Hey. You work here?
Federal agents.
I'm a volunteer
for Mercy Point Mobile Care.
Yeah, you recognize this man?
He'd be older now,
by about 40 years.
Our program helps
a lot of people, sir.
Is there something wrong?
Wait, wait. NCIS?
You're trending in all those
creepy feet tweets.
You showed up late
to the crime scene.
That's not at all what happened.Let's talk about it.
It'll be an exclusive story
on this episode of Truth Bomb.
Wait, wait, I thought
we were truth bombing
homeless care today.
Please.Come on. NCIS is trending.
We'll combine homeless issues
with government ineptitude.
No comment.
Big mistake.
The truth will out.
Just what the world needs, boss:
another podcast.
Whatever that means.
Hey.
Uh, did you say NCIS?
Great.
You run a podcast, too?
No.
I recognize your picture.
It's Marine Sergeant
David Holtzman,
just a lot younger, right?
I'm Barney Williams, sir.
Special Agents Gibbs and McGee.
How do you know the sergeant?
We live here.
You know where he sleeps?
Is Davey okay?
I haven't seen the sergeant
since last night, sir.
He doesn't get around too well.
And that was before.
Damn.
Who the hell is
chopping off feet?
GIBBS:
Anybody report him missing?
You know, people out here
come and go a lot.
And not many have phones, sir.
Not like him to
miss morning chow.
You military?
No, sir.
Well, how we gonna
find my friend?
Boss.
I got something.
BARNEY:
Oh, man.
Found him under
three layers of trash.
Davey didn't
deserve this.
Hold on.
Got another one.
That's Norma Jean.
McGEE:
That body still has feet.
What the hell
is going on here?
REPORTER: The capital's
homeless population
is currently in a spotlight
as federal authorities
hunt for a killer.
Killer? Come on.
We haven't actually confirmed
the cause of death.
Working on it, Director.But you did ID the second body?
Former Marine Staff Sergeant
Norma Jean Pfeiffer.
Discharged in '93.
That's two Marines,
both homeless.
It's not a good look for us
or the system.
Or the victims.I'm told that there's
major public outcry,
against veterans
slipping through cracks.Good.
Leroy Jethro Gibbs agrees
with social media outrage?
Gibbs, this case
and our involvement in it--
it's everywhere.
That means
cameras are gonna be rolling
everywhere.
Well, then, good.
They can watch us catch
this son of a bitch.
Quickly and cleanly, I hope.
Leon, I want my team
out of the basement.
I'd never stand in the way
of an active investigation.
However, your team
is very capable.
They can find time for this case
and their extra workload.
Punishments are meant
to be hard.
Come on.For everyone.
After all, kids learn bad habits
by watching their parents.
[door closes]
Now, hands are highly symbolic.
Save it.
What do we know?
Uh, Sergeant Holtzman died
due to complications
from his diabetes.
It was a heart attack.
Natural causes.Yeah, desecration, not murder.
However, Staff Sergeant Norma
Jean Pfeiffer's cause of death
was blunt force trauma
to the back of the head,
so we have desecration
and murder.
Murder weapon?Uh, her head wound
perfectly matches the corner
of this broken toaster here
from a nearby junk pile.
Not very practical.
My guess is it's the first thing
the killer grabbed.
Murder wasn't planned.Like I said,
sawing through bone
takes time and effort.
Maybe Norma Jean saw him
sawing, and was
then... sawed?
That's a lot of saws.
It's also a lot of work.
You think we're looking
for a madman?
Or someone with purpose.What purpose?
I mean, Gibbs, who
targets homeless veterans?
BARNEY:
Norma Jean was an
ordnance specialist
in the first Gulf War.
20 years after Davey
served in Vietnam.
Different decades,
similar stories.
And you seem to have them
all written down there.
Every vet I meet, I like to add
their story to my journal.
Is it because
you're also a veteran?
Hey, never lie to Gibbs.
That man can smell
a fellow Marine.
Lance Corporal
Bernard Williams, right?
That was a long time ago.
Uh, it was barely last year.
How long you been
living on the streets?
Not as long as Davey
or Norma Jean.
They're the ones
you should be talking about.
They're proud vets.
And you're not?
Stop. Please.
It's not about me.
A-And I said no
special treatment.
I'm not eating this.
Not unless you have
enough for everybody.
And by everybody...I mean
everybody living
at that bus stop.
Vet, civilian-- everybody.
You eat when the unit eats.
You serve?
Army.
You got a minute?
For your story.
Per Terry's request, I have
collected backlogged evidence
for immediate storage
and sorting.
Whose side are you
on, anyway, huh?
This is supposed to
be our lunch break.
I guess that's what you get when
you lie to the director's face.
Which I had nothing to do with!
We know that.
So does Vance.
Does he?
Guilt by association.
I shouldn't even
be talking to you right now.
I'm not ending up
in that garage.
Half-windows are better
than no windows.
Actually, we were hoping
that you could give us a break.
On the case.
Like, a major one
that requires
immediate attention.
From... [clears throat]
all of us.
Yeah, 'cause we only got
about three and a half minutes,
then we got to report
back to Terry.
Kasie, help us.Fine. You're lucky
I do have major breaks.
While people can fall
through the cracks,
horses do not.
Yeah, they're too big.
Horse humor.
Like household pets,
horses are often implanted
with microchips.
To ID them if they get lost.
And Animal Control found one?
And sent me the data.Hmm.
Meet No Sprinkles,
a gelding who belongs
to Henry Hoss,
a stable owner
who's being brought in.
I'll go follow up.
[grunts]
Kasie, any more breaks?
Yeah, we only got
45 seconds left here.
Yes. The V.A. is lying to me.
I think.
I called them for Norma
Jean's medical records,
but they said
the computers were down.
Well, that's just typical
government infrastructure,
not a lie.
Except I've been
calling all day.
Good enough for me. Let's go.McGEE:
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hold on. Medical records do not
scream immediate attention.
Terry doesn't know that.
Okay.
Remember, I don't
know you.
[door opens]
Hey. I miss it?
Nope. Mr. Hoss seemed
angry to be here,
so I thought I'd let him stew
in the hot seat a little longer.
Case notes?Uh...
Pages from
Barney's journal.
Our millennial veteran.
What does he write about?
Other vets. Their
time in the service.
Their transition home.
All beautifully written
in thoughtful detail
and in very cheap ink.
Yeah, it's hard to read
with all the smudges.
So... what is his story?
That's the thing.
Barney's story
isn't in here,
and he refuses
to talk about it.
Even lied to Gibbs
about being a Marine.
And you want to know why.Mm.
Bishop. Let's go.
BISHOP:
Your horse.
Your murder.
How dare you.
I was Navy myself.
Yes, sir.
Retired commander.
Then you should know.
I could never kill, much less
desecrate my own
brothers and sisters.
It's bad enough
they're on the streets.
It makes me sick.How sick?
I board a lot of horses.
I didn't notice
No Sprinkles was missing
till NCIS called.
Somebody must have
stole him last night.
You seem pretty sure.
The barn was still locked.
So it had to be someone
with a key.Like you.
You like hard work.Yes.
I board a lot of horses
for a lot of owners.
How many have keys to the barn?
All of them.
You want a damn list?
Yeah.
[indistinct announcement
over P.A.]
Happy now?
I guess the network is down.And has been all day.
Yet another department
that needs attention.
It was nice
seeing you again,
but my shift is
finally about to end.
[clears throat]
Uh...
What about the records?
I showed you--
the system is down.
Well, paper files existed
long before computers.
There's been time
to pull those, right?
[sighs]
You're right.
I should have done that.
I'm sorry.
Well, it's okay.
You get busy, we understand.
No.
I'm scared.
Look, the last thing
I want to do is complain
about online trolls,
but the V.A. has been getting
death threats since yesterday.
From people who blame us
for killing veterans.
Oh, this mentions you
by name.
Someone found out my dad
is former Coast Guard
and has diabetes.
Like Sergeant Holtzman.
Oh. I'm sorry.
He's doing fine.
Except now people want to know
why the V.A. can save him,
but not the homeless.
Damn.
Funny thing is,
I'm glad people
are actually paying attention,
but finger-pointing
doesn't help.
Uh, actually, Doc...
I think you dropped one.
I assure you that wasn't me.
I don't know who would be
so disrespectful...
[gasps]
Oh, my God!
More finger-pointing.
TORRES:
The hands belong to our
murdered staff sergeant.
News already has the story
and they're now
calling our killer
the Military Mangler,
wondering which body parts
will be found next.
It's not about body parts,
it's about messaging.
Someone's trying
to say something.
Loud and clear.
First, a riderless horse
in a cemetery.
Now pointing
fingers in a morgue.
Recognition and blame.
Our killer wants vets honored,
but not forgotten
about in a cabinet?
It seems a little on the nose.
Yeah, but it works.McGEE: Well, especially
for the media.
All anyone's
talking about right now
is the treatment of veterans.
BISHOP:
The story's everywhere.
Okay, so who benefits?
From killing vets
or blaming the system?
All of it.
I want a motive.
How about anger?
What, Jack, you got something?
Maybe. But I could
use a second opinion.
McGEE:
We'll scrub through visitor logs
and security footage
from the V.A.
No, no.
Not in here, you won't.
TERRY:
It is awfully quiet
downstairs. And you did
miss your lunchtime quota.
Terry.
Seriously, man?
I believe you've been
ordered to multitask.
Yeah.
[sighs]
GIBBS:
Barney.
You think he's angry.
I think he's interesting.
Here.
He, uh, he grew up
with a single mom.
She worked multiple jobs
to keep food on the table,
and he joined the
Marines to change that.
Well, he's got commendations.
Medals.
By all accounts,
he was a great Marine.
He loved serving.
So?
Why lie, Jack?I don't know.
But while he was
serving in Afghanistan,
his mother got sick.
Pancreatic cancer.
And Barney had to take an
emergency leave
to come home
and take care of her.
Family first.Right.
But unfortunately,
his mom died,
like, four months later.
But not until Barney
spent everything they had
on her medical care,
leaving him with nothing.
And nobody.
He has every reason
to be angry at the world
and the system.
Jack, if you think he did this,
let's bring him in here.
I don't think he did it.
But?
But only because
I kind of like the kid.
Otherwise, yes, he is
a potential suspect.
He is clearly struggling
with something, Gibbs.
Barney tell you
where he sleeps,
or are we just
knocking on flaps here?Knocking.
MAN:
Hey! Hey. Over here.
NCIS.
There you are.
Is there a problem, sir?
Uh... yes.
Someone else was attacked.
Isn't that why you're here?
We're here for
Barney Williams.
He was the one who was attacked.
He's in mobile
care now.
Barney.
You okay?
Told you I wasn't
a Marine anymore.
Marine would never
let themselves get jumped
while taking a leak.I'm calling an ambulance.
No.
I said no special treatment.
You got me in enough trouble.
What?
Whoever did this
knows I've been talking to NCIS.
They must think
I know something.
Why?
Because they took it.
Your journal?
But you read it, Agent Sloane.
There was nothing in there
about the case.
No.
Not that we know of.
Listen, we got to get
you out of here.
No.
I live here.
Well, you're
not staying.
Yes.
I am.
Well, then,
you're not staying alone.
Good idea, Gibbs.
Wait, what's a good idea?
Standing watch.
No.
I said no special treatment.
Hey, it's for...
[clears throat]
For the whole camp.
You take first watch,
I'll take second.
Okay.
McGEE:
Well, there is no camera
that clearly shows
who entered the V.A. morgue.
Six hours of work
for a dead end.
[exhales]
Nowhere.
You have anything
to add, edgelord?
My cell use is case-related,
and what do you want me to say?
DOLL:
I love you and I'm sorry.
I didn't touch anything.
Neither did I, Agent Torres.
So...
I hope you're looking up
an exorcist, Agent Bishop.
Actually, a V.A. website, sir.
Looking up what they
offer, which is a lot.
I'm aware.
Well, not everybody
is, Director.
I mean, mostly because
you need e-mail
or a phone number to sign up.
Cell phones are no longer
luxury items.
Oh, they're
necessities.
I mean, even Gibbs
carries one around.
Yeah, and he's
a repeat technophobe
and known troglodyte.
Yeah. Yeah, he's also a...
what he said.
So your excuse
for insubordination
is case-related.
That's what I thought.
Start fresh tomorrow.
Go home.
Spear?
Toothpick.
You should get some sleep.
Rather be writing in my journal.
Usually helps me pass the time.
Makes me feel a little better.
Start writing.
Start talking.
I'm not writing my story.
"Once a Marine,
always a Marine."
Not if you don't complete
your mission, sir.
I came home
to take care of my mom.
I took emergency leave knowing
my fire team was headed
towards a major hot spot
in Helmand province.
MAN:
We're under fire! [shouting] [gunfire]
Not everybody came back.
[shouting, gunfire continuing]
Couldn't save my mom.
Couldn't save my team.
I should've died
with my brothers back there.
It's not your fault.
[scoffs]
Here we go.
You want to come out here
on guard duty, fine.
But don't you sit there
and tell me
you know what it's like
to lose everything,
and to feel like nothing.
[scoffs quietly]
To put a gun to your head
and...
just end it all.
I did that.
What?
Which part?
All of it, when I came back.
Damn. Why?
So how come you're still alive?
A friend helped me
realize something.
What-- that life is beautiful?
That I deserved to exist.
[clattering]MAN: Hey, what are you doing?
[dog barking]
Get away
from my tent!
[grunting]
Hey!
Stop!
MAN:
Hey! Stop him!
You want me?
Here I am.
[grunting]
WOMAN:
Get off me!
Federal agent.
Don't move.
Oh, my God.
I'm unarmed.
The cop is now pointing
his gun into my face.
If I die, it was all
in the name of Truth.
Enough.
What are you doing?
Truth Bombing.
In the middle
of the night?
It's called atmosphere.
But then I heard
you two talking about...
about suicide and stuff.
That was powerful.
For real.
That story should
really be out there.
And that's why you
stole my journal?
I'm a truth teller,
not a criminal.
You have an alibi?Yeah.
It's time, date and GPS-stamped
audio files.
[recorder beeps]
Wait, you're taking that?
For real?
For real.
So this was a waste of time.
Good work, Marine.
Just stop.
That story's over.
I'm not
a Marine anymore.
Drink it in, people--
the phones, the sun,
the outside world--
before we are doomed
to spend more time
with my new best friend, Terry.
You two are friends now?
No.
But we will be.
The man is a protein genius.
Look what I found on
the floor last night.
It's his diet plan.
McGEE:
Okay, and now
you want him
to be your life coach?
Dietary Sherpa.Shh.
I thought we were watching
this emergency vote in Congress.
Not exactly Game of Thrones.
Spoiler alert: it just passed.
Unanimously, too.
This is important why?This is
the funding bill
for veteran care.
They increased spending
all around.
Including a very large chunk
to Veterans Affairs.
How large?Well, Dr. Bell said
that there were six departments
of hers awaiting funding.
The bill was stuck
in committee for months.
And now, after all the news
and public outcry, it passes.
McGEE:
And all six departments
are now fully funded.
Because of murder.
Yeah, to quote the good doctor,
"I'm just glad people
are paying attention."
Yeah, that's pretty messed up.
Yeah.
Does the doc have an alibi?
[snoring]
[indistinct chatter]
[phone rings]
Gibbs.
McGEE:
Boss, we need to talk
to the doctor again.
All right.
Pick her up.
Why are you still here?
You got it.
And don't you dare
say semper fi.
How's the head?
Hurts. I'll be okay.MAN: Pardon us, but
we heard you've been keeping
watch out here all night.
We also heard your hair
shimmers in the moonlight.
[scoffs]
I never said that.
[chuckles]
Appreciate that you got our six.
You're a Marine, right?
Gibbs.
Scout sniper.I knew it.
Hey.I can smell a
fellow leatherneck.
I'm looking at you, too.
Look harder.
I'm not a Marine anymore.
The hell you talking about?
Once a Marine, always a Marine.
Right, Gibbs?
Oorah.
Yes, I'm thrilled
the bill passed,
but this is my one day off.
[scoffs]
I couldn't have done
any of this.
Because you've been at work.
Check my patient charts.
We did.
Uh, there were plenty of gaps
for you to leave the hospital.
I use that time
for power naps.
You ever stand
for 17 hours straight?
The hands were in your cabinet
and you have no alibi.
You want an alibi?
I hate horses.
[chuckles]
Excuse me?
I fell off as a kid
and I get anxious
just thinking about them,
let alone parading them through
Arlington with amputated feet.
Well, equine animosity
is not an alibi
and you benefit from this bill.
No.
The system benefits.
It's not like I make money
personally. No one does.
[knocking]
Hey.
Actually, people do
make money from this bill.
Very personally.
I was listening. Uh, the
V.A. system is back online
and I pulled financial records.
The six departments.Turns out only one
is a private company
that only works with the V.A.--
Mercy Point Mobile Care.
Medical vans.
So this bill takes
their program nationwide.
Only if it passes.
And this wasn't going to
until two days ago.
Yeah, when someone started
chopping off body parts.
Someone whose
family owns horses.
Who are we talking about?
Kyle Freeman.
Turns out he's not a volunteer.
His family owns the company.
Does Gibbs know about this?Not yet.
He's still at the camp.
With our killer.
Yeah.
Listen, I'm just thrilled
that our message
will finally be out there.
Yeah.
Wherever there's a need.
Oh, hey.
Morning, guys.
Hey, Gibbs.
FREEMAN:
Yeah. No, no, you get it.
Yeah, so I figure, like,
if we-we put these buses
in every location...You okay?
Hey, hey.
You got our six?
Yeah?
GIBBS:
Hey, hey!
[chuckles]:
Hold up. Hold up.
Morning.
How can I help you, sir?
You already have.
I just wanted to recognize
all your hard work.Thank you.
You know, it's tough out here,
but Mercy Point Mobile Care--
it's-it's a very worthy cause.Yes, it is.
Just not for you.
Excuse me? I...
Bandages, cheap ink.
[chuckles]:
Wait, wait, wait. I...
I don't follow.Sawing bone?
That's hard work.
[laughs]:
Okay.
I don't know what that means.It means
you kill veterans.Ha!
That's crazy.
Speak up
for the camera, sir.
People aren't just numbers
on a bottom line.
They have names.
Turn that off.No.
Navy Seaman Ronald T. Jones.
Army Sergeant Donald Pretorius.
Marine Sergeant
Francesca Rinaldi.
Marine Lance Corporal
Bernard Ernest Williams.
Hey. Get the hell
out of my face.
No.
[Kyle coughing]
[handcuffs clicking]
Oorah.
Kyle wanted attention
and he got it.
TORRES:
Boom. Along with
a fist to the face.
Everybody loves it
when the bad guy goes down.
Look at this. 17 million likes
in less than three days.
Wait, does this make Gibbs
an influencer?
[laughs][Terry clears throat]
That a cell phone?
Because I, uh...
I haven't seen the video yet.
I was wondering if maybe
I could... watch it?
I heard the guy confessed
to desecrating the first body.
Yeah.
Yeah, he claimed
that killing Norma Jean
was an "accident."
Cutting off her hands wasn't.
Good cause, bad man.
Well, I'm glad
you got the bastard.
However, you are way behind
on your quota.
Not to mention those prepaid
cell phones have gone missing.
And all that's
left is this.
DOLL:
I love you, and I'm sorry.
Whoa. Don't look at me, man.
We're friends now.
I wouldn't touch that thing.
Yeah, and what's this
about missing cell phones?
I guess the director's
just gonna have to
add a couple extra days
to your sentence.
VANCE:
That won't be necessary.
Sir, there...
there's evidence missing.
I'll handle this one.
Personally.
Call. Anytime.
Fine. But only because you
brought enough for everybody.
I thought you might
want this, too.
We found it in the trunk
of Kyle's car.
It's already been processed.
Thank you.
There's plenty
of empty pages in there
if you want to add
your own story.
No.
I'm not gonna write it.
I'm gonna tell it, out loud.
Come on.
Her social media reach
is over six million.
HOST:
That's good. I want to hear...
Plus, it helps to hear
people's stories. Right, sir?
Don't call me sir...
Marine.
Hey.
DONALD:
Oorah. [chuckles]
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org